every career has pressures on that could impact the families especially
the spouses and the crew members are there some special career pressures
on members the military because it is a little more dangerous
than some other occupations it is not nearly as dangerous as the public
make it out to be but you know it's still a little more dangerous
actually if you're a crab fishermen your chances of dire probably
greater than they are working in the marine corps states but there
are pressures on the spouses others no specific advice you can give
somebody like that the navy does a very good job of putting care of
the spouses the navy's tuned to the pressures that are on them try to
make it as easy as it can on them and that's up to the they remember
to make sure their spouses are aware of those opportunities for support
and assistance